---
title: Welcome to my blog!
date: 2023-07-05 20:28:00
pin: true
math: true
permalink: /welcome/
tags: [english]
img_path: ../assets/img/posts/2023-07-04-welcome/
image:
  path: background-en.jpg
---

This blog is about my journey in the world of mathematics and programming. I will be posting about my discoveries, my thoughts, my ideas and my projects. I hope you enjoy reading my posts as much as I enjoy writing them!

> Please note that some of the posts on this blog are in English, while others are in Spanish. You can filter the posts by language using the available tags, such as [English](/tags/english/) or [Spanish](/tags/spanish/).
{: .prompt-info }

## My Projects

Throughout my journey as a Python programmer, I have worked on several projects that combine my passion for mathematics and programming. Here are some areas I have explored:

- **Bots and Web Scraping:** I have developed bots and web scraping tools for various purposes, such as extracting data from platforms like Udemy, Twitter, Instagram and more. These projects involve leveraging Python's libraries and automation techniques.

- **Math Research/Topics:** I have worked on math-related projects, including exploring topics like Ant Colony Optimization metaheuristics and investigating how random number generators affect simulations. These projects involve applying mathematical concepts and algorithms to solve real-world problems.

- **Physics Programs:** I have developed fun programs that simulate physics phenomena, such as Electripy (a simulation of electric fields) and Explosion3D (a simulation of explosions). These projects involve applying physics principles and utilizing visualization techniques.

You can find more information about these projects in the My Projects category of my website. I will continue to work on new projects and share my insights and tutorials. Stay tuned for future posts where I will discuss these projects in more detail and provide code snippets and explanations.


## Math Topics

In addition to my programming projects, I also delve into various math topics that spark curiosity and offer intriguing challenges. Here are a few types of content you can expect to find:

- **Math Problems:** I create and share math problems that will challenge and engage your problem-solving skills. These problems cover various areas of mathematics, such as geometry, statistics, and complex numbers. For example, you can explore the intriguing complexities of the Complex Circle Problem. Stay tuned for more fascinating math problems to solve!

- **Curious Math Tutorials:** I enjoy uncovering the hidden beauty and elegance of mathematical concepts through tutorials. These tutorials explore interesting topics, such as the beauty of implicit equations or fascinating patterns found in number sequences. They aim to provide insights and a deeper understanding of the underlying mathematics.

- **Math Research:** I occasionally delve into research projects to explore mathematical phenomena and uncover new insights. These research articles cover topics in machine learning, statistics, and metaheuristics. From investigating the statistical properties of machine learning algorithms to exploring the effectiveness of different metaheuristic approaches, these articles offer a glimpse into the exciting intersections of mathematics and these fields.

You can find related posts under the [Math Topics](/categories/math-topics) category.

Thank you for reading my blog! If you have any questions, suggestions, or simply want to share your thoughts, feel free to leave a comment. I hope you enjoy the posts and find inspiration in them. 

Happy learning and mathematical exploration!